## Introduction

This repository introduces different tools and use cases for analyzing financial data using Python. The repo mainly focuses on analyzing stock and currency prices.

## Disclaimer

NO FINANCIAL ADVICE - The content is for informational purposes only, you should not construe any such information or other material as legal, tax, investment, financial, or other advice. Nothing contained on this repository constitutes a solicitation, recommendation, endorsement, or offer by me or any third party service provider to buy or sell any securities or other financial instruments in this or in in any other jurisdiction in which such solicitation or offer would be unlawful under the securities laws of such jurisdiction. Any decision remain your own and I am not responsible for any losses or gains made.
All content on this repository is information of a general nature and does not address the circumstances of any particular individual or entity. Nothing in the repository constitutes professional and/or financial advice, nor does any information on the repository constitute a comprehensive or complete statement of the matters discussed or the law relating thereto.
YOU SHOULD NOT MAKE ANY DECISION, FINANCIAL, INVESTMENTS, TRADING OR OTHERWISE, BASED ON ANY OF THE INFORMATION PRESENTED FROM THIS PROGRAM WITHOUT UNDERTAKING INDEPENDENT DUE DILIGENCE AND CONSULTATION WITH A PROFESSIONAL BROKER OR COMPETENT FINANCIAL ADVISOR. By using any information available on or through this repository you understand that you are AT YOUR OWN RISK.

RISK STATEMENT - There are risks associated with investing in securities. Investing in stocks, bonds, exchange traded funds, mutual funds, and money market funds involve risk of loss. Loss of principal is possible. Some high risk investments may use leverage, which will accentuate gains & losses. Foreign investing involves special risks, including a greater volatility and political, economic and currency risks and differences in accounting methods. Trading may not be suitable for all users. A security’s or a firm’s past investment performance is not a guarantee or predictor of future investment performance.